Assignment 2 -  Easy Street
Executive Summary 
TCSS 305: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2011

Name: Alex Stringham
UWNetID: ats3216
Subversion Revision Number: 14

Assignment Overview

Easy Street was an assignment that really got us to use inheritence in almost every aspect. We were to create a parent class that implements 
an interface, in this case the class Movable, which would serve as our 'Vehicles' class. We were then to create child classes that all extend
the parent class that we made so that we were not re-writing a lot of redundant code. We were to implemet each type of vehicle (human, bicycle,
car, and truck) so that they would move in a specific  pattern, and so that they would die if a larger vehicle collided with them. We were also
introduced to using abstract classes.


Technical Impression

This assignment was quite difficult in my opinion. Partially due to not having done much with inheritance, but mostly because of figuring out 
the specific movement patterns for each type of vehicle. As you will see, I still was not able to get the car or the bicycle to stop at stop 
lights, but they would rather turn to avoid it, or go in reverse. I could not figure out the algorithm for having them stop, then continue 
forward after the lights changed to one that they could pass through. I could get them to stop in some of my tests, but was uable to get them
to move again afterwards. Frustrating to say the least. I was however able to get the Truck and Human working completely, and i was able to
figure out the bicycles trail preferences by use of a helper method with A LOT of if/ if else statements. Again, I thought it was cool that 
we are finally using GUI's, since well, they're nice to look at. It took me awhile to figure out how to incorporate the Map<Direction, Terrain>
parameter, and took me an especially long time to figure out that I had to use get() to be able to compare a direction and its surrounding terrain
to some other type of terrain. It made things much simpler though after figuring it out. In closing, this was definitely a difficult assignment
considering all the different directions of the vehicles in accordance to their surroundings, but definitely taught me a lot along the way. Also,
I feel bad for those poor humans on the road... :(